Add one FAQ - describes ztunnel is not a SPOF. (#15306)
istio/istio.io: content/en/about/faq/security/is-ztunnel-a-SPOF.md

---
title: Is ztunnel a SPOF?
weight: 25
---

> This misunderstanding arises primarily from concerns about the Ztunnel failures are scoped to a single node, which is considered a fallible component in a cluster. It behaves the same as other node-critical infrastructure running on every cluster such as the Linux kernel, container runtime, etc. In a properly designed system, node outages do not lead to cluster outages.

Reviewer: the link to the blog and other details seem to be removed? why?

Author: First of all link should be of relative path. That's what confusing me little bit, that should I keep or remove it. I just removed it because the description seems enough to me. Should I raise another PR for it.

> This misunderstanding arises primarily from concerns about the Ztunnel failures are scoped to a single node, which is considered a fallible component in a cluster. It behaves the same as other node-critical infrastructure running on every cluster such as the Linux kernel, container runtime, etc. In a properly designed system, node outages do not lead to cluster outages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Istio ztunnel does not introduce a SPOF into a Kubernetes cluster. Ztunnel failures are scoped to a single node, which is considered a fallible component in a cluster. It behaves the same as other node-critical infrastructure running on every cluster such as the Linux kernel, container runtime, etc. In a properly designed system, node outages do not lead to cluster outages. [Learn more](https://blog.howardjohn.info/posts/ambient-spof/).
```

Reviewer 2: check the style guide as to if we have ztunnel or Ztunnel, and if there isn't a style guide, we should write one

Author: @craigbox @kfaseela PR revised.
